CKY algorithm on Book the cooks who cook the books. 

(S+NP
  (NN book)
  (NP (DT the) (NN cooks))
  (SBAR
    (WHNP (WP who))
    (S (VP (VB cook) (NP (DT the) (NNS books))) (. .))))

This is the longest sentence: 

Though in many natural objects, whiteness refiningly enhances beauty,
as if imparting some special virtue of its own, as in marbles,
japonicas, and pearls; and though various nations have in some way
recognised a certain royal preeminence in this hue; even the
barbaric, grand old kings of Pegu placing the title "Lord of the
White Elephants" above all their other magniloquent ascriptions of
dominion; and the modern kings of Siam unfurling the same snow-white
quadruped in the royal standard; and the Hanoverian flag bearing the
one figure of a snow-white charger; and the great Austrian Empire,
Caesarian, heir to overlording Rome, having for the imperial colour
the same imperial hue; and though this pre-eminence in it applies to
the human race itself, giving the white man ideal mastership over
every dusky tribe; and though, besides, all this, whiteness has been
even made significant of gladness, for among the Romans a white stone
marked a joyful day; and though in other mortal sympathies and
symbolizings, this same hue is made the emblem of many touching,
noble things--the innocence of brides, the benignity of age; though
among the Red Men of America the giving of the white belt of wampum
was the deepest pledge of honour; though in many climes, whiteness
typifies the majesty of Justice in the ermine of the Judge, and
contributes to the daily state of kings and queens drawn by
milk-white steeds; though even in the higher mysteries of the most
august religions it has been made the symbol of the divine
spotlessness and power; by the Persian fire worshippers, the white
forked flame being held the holiest on the altar; and in the Greek
mythologies, Great Jove himself being made incarnate in a snow-white
bull; and though to the noble Iroquois, the midwinter sacrifice of
the sacred White Dog was by far the holiest festival of their
theology, that spotless, faithful creature being held the purest
envoy they could send to the Great Spirit with the annual tidings of
their own fidelity; and though directly from the Latin word for
white, all Christian priests derive the name of one part of their
sacred vesture, the alb or tunic, worn beneath the cassock; and
though among the holy pomps of the Romish faith, white is specially
employed in the celebration of the Passion of our Lord; though in the
Vision of St. John, white robes are given to the redeemed, and the
four-and-twenty elders stand clothed in white before the great-white
throne, and the Holy One that sitteth there white like wool; yet for
all these accumulated associations, with whatever is sweet, and
honourable, and sublime, there yet lurks an elusive something in the
innermost idea of this hue, which strikes more of panic to the soul
than that redness which affrights in blood.


CKY Algorithm on longest sentence: 

Parsing 1/4
Parsing 2/4
Parsing 3/4
Parsing 4/4
-----
(FRAG
  (PP
    (IN though)
    (NP
      (NP
        (UCP
          (PP (IN in) (NP (JJ many) (JJ natural) (NN objects)))
          (, ,)
          (NN whiteness)
          (ADJP (RB refiningly) (JJ enhances))
          (NN beauty)
          (, ,)
          (PP
            (IN as)
            (NP
              (PP
                (IN if)
                (S+VP
                  (VBG imparting)
                  (NP (DT some) (JJ special) (NN virtue))))
              (PP
                (IN of)
                (NP
                  (PRP$ its)
                  (JJ own)
                  (, ,)
                  (ADVP (RB as) (PP (IN in) (NP (NN marbles))))))))
          (, ,)
          (NN japonicas)
          (, ,)
          (CC and)
          (NN pearls)
          (: ;)
          (CC and)
          (SBAR
            (IN though)
            (S
              (NP (JJ various) (NNS nations))
              (VP
                (VBP have)
                (PP (IN in) (NP (DT some) (NN way)))
                (VBN recognised)
                (NP (DT a) (JJ certain) (NN royal))))))
        (NNS preeminence))
      (PP (IN in) (NP (DT this) (NN hue)))))
  (: ;)
  (S
    (ADVP (RB even))
    (NP (DT the) (NN barbaric))
    (, ,)
    (NP (JJ grand) (JJ old) (NN kings) (PP (IN of) (NP (NNP Pegu))))
    (VP (VBG placing) (NP (DT the) (NN title))))
  (INTJ (`` ``) (UH Lord))
  (PP
    (IN of)
    (NP
      (DT the)
      (NNP White)
      (NNP Elephants)
      ('' '')
      (PP
        (IN above)
        (NP
          (DT all)
          (PRP$ their)
          (JJ other)
          (JJ magniloquent)
          (NN ascriptions)
          (PP (IN of) (NP (NN dominion)))))))
  (: ;)
  (NP
    (CC and)
    (DT the)
    (JJ modern)
    (NN kings)
    (PP
      (IN of)
      (NP
        (NNP Siam)
        (VBG unfurling)
        (DT the)
        (JJ same)
        (NN snow-white))))
  (VP
    (VBN quadruped)
    (PP (IN in) (NP (DT the) (JJ royal) (NN standard))))
  (: ;)
  (NP (CC and) (DT the) (NNP Hanoverian) (NN flag) (NN bearing))
  (NP
    (NP (DT the) (CD one) (NN figure))
    (PP (IN of) (NP (DT a) (JJ snow-white) (NN charger))))
  (: ;)
  (NP (CC and) (DT the) (JJ great) (NNP Austrian) (NNP Empire))
  (NP
    (NAC
      (, ,)
      (NNP Caesarian)
      (, ,)
      (NNP heir)
      (PP
        (TO to)
        (NP
          (NP (VBG overlording) (NN Rome))
          (PRN
            (, ,)
            (PP
              (VBG having)
              (IN for)
              (NP
                (DT the)
                (JJ imperial)
                (NN colour)
                (DT the)
                (JJ same)
                (JJ imperial)
                (NN hue)))
            (: ;)))))
    (NN and)))
Parsing 1/4: finished
(UCP
  (NN s)
  (ADJP (JJ drawn) (PP (IN by) (NP (JJ milk-white) (NN steeds))))
  (: ;)
  (SBAR
    (IN though)
    (S
      (ADVP (RB even))
      (PP
        (IN in)
        (NP
          (NP (DT the) (JJR higher) (NNS mysteries))
          (PP
            (IN of)
            (NP
              (DT the)
              (ADJP (RBS most) (JJ august))
              (NN religions)))))
      (NP (PRP it))
      (VP
        (VBZ has)
        (VBN been)
        (VBN made)
        (NP (DT the) (NN symbol))
        (PP (IN of) (NP (DT the) (NN divine))))))
  (NN spotlessness)
  (CC and)
  (NN power)
  (: ;)
  (PP (IN by) (NP (DT the) (NNP Persian) (NN fire) (NN worshippers)))
  (, ,)
  (DT the)
  (JJ white)
  (VP (JJ forked))
  (NN flame)
  (VP
    (VBG being)
    (VBN held)
    (NP (DT the) (NN holiest))
    (PP (IN on) (NP (DT the) (NN altar))))
  (: ;)
  (CC and)
  (SBAR
    (IN in)
    (S
      (NP (DT the) (JJ Greek) (NN mythologies))
      (, ,)
      (NP (NNP Great) (NNP Jove))
      (NP (PRP himself))
      (VP
        (VBG being)
        (VBN made)
        (VB incarnate)
        (PP (IN in) (NP (DT a) (NN snow-white))))))
  (NN bull)
  (: ;)
  (CC and)
  (SBAR
    (IN though)
    (S
      (PP (TO to) (NP (DT the) (NNP noble) (NNP Iroquois)))
      (, ,)
      (NP
        (DT the)
        (JJ midwinter)
        (NN sacrifice)
        (PP (IN of) (NP (DT the) (JJ sacred) (NNP White) (NNP Dog))))
      (VP
        (VBD was)
        (PP
          (IN by)
          (NP (RB far) (DT the) (JJ holiest) (NN festival)))
        (PP (IN of) (NP (PRP$ their) (NN theology))))))
  (, ,)
  (PP (IN that) (NP (NN spotless)))
  (, ,)
  (NN faithful)
  (NN creature)
  (VP
    (VBG being)
    (VBD held)
    (SBAR+S
      (NP (DT the) (JJ purest) (NN envoy))
      (NP (PRP they))
      (VP
        (MD could)
        (VB send)
        (PP
          (TO to)
          (NP
            (DT the)
            (NNP Great)
            (NNP Spirit)
            (PP (IN with) (NP (DT the) (JJ annual) (NN tidings)))
            (PP (IN of) (NP (PRP$ their) (JJ own) (NN fidelity))))))))
  (: ;)
  (CC and)
  (SBAR
    (IN though)
    (S
      (ADVP (RB directly))
      (VP
        (PP (IN from) (NP (DT the) (JJ Latin) (NN word)))
        (PP
          (IN for)
          (NP (JJ white) (, ,) (DT all) (JJ Christian) (NN pri)))))))
Parsing 3/4: finished
(S+SBAR
  (S
    (NP (JJ ests) (NN derive))
    (NP (NP (DT the) (NN name)) (PP (IN of) (NP (CD one))))
    (NP
      (NP (NN part))
      (PP (IN of) (NP (PRP$ their) (JJ sacred) (NN vesture))))
    (, ,)
    (NP (DT the) (NN alb))
    (NP (CC or) (NNS tunic))
    (, ,)
    (NP (JJ worn) (NN beneath))
    (NP (DT the) (NN cassock))
    (: ;)
    (CC and)
    (ADVP (RB though))
    (VP
      (PP
        (IN among)
        (NP
          (DT the)
          (ADJP
            (RB holy)
            (JJ pomps)
            (PP
              (IN of)
              (NP (NP (DT the) (NNP Romish) (NNP faith)) (, ,))))
          (NN white)))
      (VBZ is)
      (ADVP (RB specially))
      (VBN employed)
      (PP
        (IN in)
        (NP
          (NP
            (NP (DT the) (NN celebration))
            (PP (IN of) (NP (DT the) (NNP Passion))))
          (PP (IN of) (NP (PRP$ our) (NNP Lord) (: ;)))))))
  (IN though)
  (IN in)
  (S
    (NP
      (NP (DT the) (NNP Vision))
      (PP (IN of) (NP (NNP St.) (NNP John))))
    (, ,)
    (NP (JJ white) (NN robes))
    (VP
      (VBP are)
      (VBN given)
      (PP (TO to) (NP (DT the) (NN redeemed)))))
  (S
    (, ,)
    (CC and)
    (NP (DT the) (JJ four-and-twenty) (NN elders))
    (VP
      (VB stand)
      (VBN clothed)
      (PP
        (IN in)
        (NP
          (ADJP
            (JJ white)
            (PP (IN before) (NP (DT the) (NN great-white))))
          (NN throne)))))
  (S
    (, ,)
    (CC and)
    (NP
      (NP (DT the) (NNP Holy) (NNP One))
      (PP (IN that) (NP (NN sitteth))))
    (NP (EX there))
    (VP
      (ADJP (JJ white) (PP (IN like) (NP (NN wool))))
      (PRN
        (: ;)
        (PP
          (ADVP (RB yet))
          (IN for)
          (NP (DT all) (DT these) (JJ accumulated) (NN associations)))
        (, ,))))
  (IN with)
  (S
    (NP (NNS whatever))
    (VP
      (VBZ is)
      (UCP
        (NN sweet)
        (, ,)
        (CC and)
        (NN honourable)
        (, ,)
        (CC and)
        (JJ sublime))))
  (, ,)
  (S
    (NP (EX there))
    (ADVP (RB yet))
    (NP (JJ lurks) (DT an) (NN elusive))
    (NP
      (NP (NN something))
      (PP
        (IN in)
        (NP
          (NP (DT the) (JJ innermost) (NN idea))
          (PP (IN of) (NP (DT this) (NN hue))))))
    (, ,)
    (SBAR (WHNP (WDT which)) (S+VP (VBZ strikes) (NP (JJR more))))
    (VP
      (PP
        (IN of)
        (NP
          (NN panic)
          (S+VP
            (TO to)
            (VP
              (NP (DT the) (NN soul))
              (PP (IN than) (NP (DT that) (NN redness)))))))
      (SBAR
        (WHNP (WDT which))
        (S+VP (NP (NNS affrights)) (PP (IN in) (NN blood)))))
    (. .)))
Parsing 4/4: finished
(UCP
  (PP (IN though) (NP (DT this) (NN pre-eminence)))
  (SBAR
    (IN in)
    (S
      (NP (PRP it))
      (NP
        (NP (NNS applies))
        (PP (TO to) (NP (DT the) (JJ human) (NN race))))
      (NP (PRP itself))
      (VP
        (, ,)
        (S+VP (VBG giving) (NP (DT the) (JJ white) (NN man))))))
  (NN ideal)
  (ADJP (JJ mastership) (PP (IN over) (NP (DT every) (NN dusky))))
  (NN tribe)
  (: ;)
  (CC and)
  (ADVP (RB though))
  (, ,)
  (SBAR
    (IN besides)
    (S
      (, ,)
      (NP (DT all) (DT this) (, ,) (NP (NNP whiteness)))
      (VP (VBZ has) (VBN been) (ADJP (RB even) (VBN made)))))
  (ADJP (JJ significant))
  (PP (IN of) (NP (NN gladness)))
  (, ,)
  (SBAR
    (IN for)
    (S
      (PP
        (IN among)
        (NP (DT the) (NNP Romans) (DT a) (JJ white) (NN stone)))
      (NP (JJ marked) (DT a) (JJ joyful) (NN day))
      (: ;)
      (CC and)
      (SBAR
        (IN though)
        (S
          (PP (IN in) (NP (JJ other) (NN mortal)))
          (NP (JJ sympathies) (CC and) (NNS symbolizings))
          (, ,)
          (NP (DT this) (JJ same) (NN hue))
          (VP
            (VBZ is)
            (VBN made)
            (NP (DT the) (NN emblem))
            (PP (IN of) (NP (JJ many) (NN touching))))))
      (, ,)
      (NP (JJ noble) (NNS things))
      (PRN
        (: --)
        (NP
          (NP
            (NP (DT the) (NN innocence))
            (PP
              (IN of)
              (NP (JJ brides) (, ,) (DT the) (NN benignity))))
          (PP (IN of) (NP (NN age))))
        (: ;)
        (SBAR
          (IN though)
          (S
            (PP
              (IN among)
              (NP
                (DT the)
                (NNP Red)
                (NNP Men)
                (PP (IN of) (NP (NNP America)))))
            (NP
              (DT the)
              (PP
                (VBG giving)
                (IN of)
                (NP (DT the) (JJ white) (NN belt)))
              (PP (IN of) (NP (NN wampum))))
            (VP
              (VBD was)
              (NP (DT the) (JJ deepest) (NN pledge))
              (PP (IN of) (NP (NN honour))))))
        (: ;))
      (ADVP (RB though))
      (PP (IN in) (NP (JJ many) (NN climes)))
      (, ,)
      (NP (JJ whiteness) (NN typifies))
      (NP (DT the) (NN majesty))
      (VP
        (PP
          (IN of)
          (NP
            (NP (NN Justice))
            (PP (IN in) (NP (DT the) (NN ermine)))))
        (PP (IN of) (NP (DT the) (NNP Judge))))))
  (, ,)
  (CC and)
  (ADJP
    (JJ contributes)
    (PP
      (TO to)
      (NP
        (NP (DT the) (JJ daily) (NN state))
        (PP (IN of) (NP (NN kings))))))
  (CC and)
  (JJ queen))
Parsing 2/4: finished
Total time ran: 1019.5244221687317 seconds